, it shoul dbe something we are already standard and able to manage, so lets see itEleanor Williams – 2200 Willowick Rd Apt. 9 H Remodel
Willer and Teams Responsibilities and Labor Rate
Demolition of both bathrooms, removal of wallpaper, demolition of tile in kitchen, demolition of tile on balcony area, and all other pre discussed demolitions involved with the remodel plan. This includes removal of materials to designated location by building engineers.
All plumbing and structural additions to the customer’s design. Including turning the hallway closet into part of the new guest bathroom. Along with the master bathroom design. All structure work will be built with metal studs, and all plumbing work will be done with copper as per the building’s requirements.
All sheet rock work for new walls and patch work made by other trades. All texture work and painting including all areas according to the customers’ desires. 
Installation of all new countertops and sinks, facets, and premade cabinets outside of custom woodwork.
Installation of tile work including cement and grout in both bathrooms and the kitchen including back splash. 
Balcony prep work and installation of new surface materials to match the neighbor’s walkway,
Labor $21,650 this does not include materials 
The building requires ventilation setups in all rooms on exterior of building for the remodeling process which will require 3 ventilation set ups at $325 per set up = total of $975 
Not Included in our teams estimate that will require outside resources and contractors
A/C technician for duct servicing or replacement
Hardwood floor installation crew for the bedroom
Wallpaper installation for any added wallpaper, (Willer and crew will demo and remove preexisting wallpaper but will not install the new wallpaper)
Custom woodworking crew to do the added custom woodwork.
Office and Hallway - All receptacles in this area will be removed to check for loose connections and replaced if damaged. Retro fit can light into LED lighting fixture kits and replace where necessary 6 fixtures located in this area. Delete preexisting phone line. Convert the 6 foot of preexisting lighting bars in the kitchen into LED capable lighting fixtures and install LED lamps.
Time – 7 hours / Materials - $330 / Labor - $700
Master Bedroom - All receptacles in this area will be removed to check for loose connections and replaced if damaged. Delete preexisting phone line. Install 4 new can lighting fixtures in the ceiling and convert 2 gang switch box to 3 gang switch box with 3rd switch to control added 6in can lights.
Time – 10.5 hours / Materials - $425 / Labor - $1,050
Master Bathroom – Replace 2 closet lighting fixtures with LED lighting fixtures. Install 4 new LED can lighting fixtures in customers’ desired locations. Convert 3 existing can lighting fixtures to LED. Install sconce lighting fixtures in customers desired locations. Convert single gang switch to 2 gang switch one to control ceiling lighting fixtures and the other to control sconce lighting fixtures. Extend bathroom circuit to required location for new electric toilet. 
Time – 19.5 hours / Materials - $1,185 / Labor - $2,100
Guest Bathroom – Convert 3 existing can lighting fixtures to LED. Install sconce lighting fixtures in customers’ desired locations. Convert single gang switch to 2 gang switch one to control ceiling lighting fixtures and the other to control sconce lighting fixtures. Install 2 new can lighting fixtures in bathroom ceiling.
Time – 13.5 hours / Materials $790 / Labor - $1,450

Permitting - $1,000
Total Materials - $6,715
Total Labor - $12,600
Over All Project Cost - $20,315
This price does not include any sheetrock repair that may be needed after cutting that may be required in order to accomplish the mentioned scope of work. 
